{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 An additional consequence is something along the lines of \'91I lack convictions\'92; I do not believe things strongly enough to stand by them. This is for two reasons, I think. The first is just that I do not think stubbornly holding my position is an effective way to convince anyone of anything, so if my aim is to persuade someone I will attempt to twist their position into mine. I am rather spineless. But the second reason seems to be this: I have some hope\'97 not belief \'97that there is some convenient mathematical expression for everything, that there is something rigorous and all-encompassing that can be proven. From this hope, then, I believe that since this is rigorous and derivable, that given the right steps no one should be able to deny this thing, and consequently: disagreement does not actually exist, and results only from misunderstanding of positions. This idea is pretty ridiculous, and I do not know if I actually believe it, but it seems I want to believe it, and so in accordance with what I want I have no convictions, because I do not think I have stumbled upon this great and rigorous thing. So anything which is not that must be incomplete in some way\'97 and inductively derived, somehow. Thus I feel no need to strongly believe anything which has not been proven with the rigor of (insert mathematical theorem here). I think my mother and I are very different in this manner.
\f1\fs24 \
}