{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 I don\'92t know how I feel or what to feel or what I should feel, only that I miss how things were and I do not know how I have wound up like this. More than ever I think I do not understand people.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 First I tried to look for an answer to \'91what kind of person do I want to be?\'92; but this was unsuccessful. Every answer that came to mind was \'91what will make people tolerate me\'92; so clearly I have failed in figuring out what I want to be for myself. Then when I tried to remove other people from the equation I concluded I never wanted to see another person again, which is also not correct.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 Then I tried to revisit prior attempts at this question; for all the time I spend thinking about the future, one might think I have an answer. But this yielded the realization that all projections of my future self are devoid of thoughts; it is only ever actions. Perhaps it\'92s a hope that my head will switch itself off by the time I reach the future, but I do not know. So this was also not helpful; I do not think I will actually stop thinking with such ease, and nothing I have imagined does anything to address this part of me.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 After this I thought about love because it is an easier thing to process and something I have clearer thoughts on. Somehow it does not require me to solve myself. To quote myself (because I am terribly arrogant), I think I am a fool in the wrong kind of love. I have found myself so attached to a single person on a scale I have never been capable of before, and I can say nothing. I have created a new term\'97 emotional fixation \'97just for this phenomenon.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 And from all this I have reached the conclusion that I cannot ask this of someone; I cannot ask someone to tell me how they want me to be and obey; but I do not know what I am or want to be.
\f1\fs24 \
}