{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 I think that you were someone I was, and probably remain, fixated on. There are times when I think that you\'92re the only person on the planet who will ever understand me. I don\'92t cry a lot. I read your book and couldn\'92t stop crying. Sometimes I think you\'92re the only person who actually thinks about me.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 I think there were (are?) things we have in common that it feels like you\'92re the only person I know who understands those things, and they\'92re things that feel so fundamental to who I am as a person that having someone else who understands those things is a rather intense feeling.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 I have no idea what to think. I\'92ve told myself I don\'92t like you anymore, because that seems like a quicker answer. I don\'92t know if I\'92ll stop thinking about you. But I also don\'92t really know what that means. There is something in me that hangs on to every word you say and every thing we share in common, and I think it all comes back to the fact that I don\'92t think anyone has ever looked at me the way you do and I don\'92t know that anyone ever will, and I don\'92t know what to do about that, or even what to think about that.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 I think I also uniquely trust you to be honest with me. I do not think I would be the person I am now without you.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 So all of this is really to say: I\'92m sorry. I think for my part I will try to be more straightforward from now on. I\'92d still like to keep being friends if that\'92s okay with you. And if it isn\'92t, then I will accept that too.
\f1\fs24 \
}