{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 But that\'92s love, isn\'92t it? Curling around you until your bones are pushed back into where they belong, until you are small again because you always have been and there\'92s no need to keep play-acting anymore. 
\f1\i \strokec2 That\'92s love, because you do not know how to retract yourself anymore.
\f2\i0\fs24 \strokec2 \

\f0\fs32 So maybe you crave this thing now, maybe you can\'92t sleep because there\'92s no-one or no-thing that can push you back into yourself, all you\'92ve got now are memories in a stolen blanket that you cocoon yourself in to keep away the cold. Your arms wrap around something that is no longer there, because at heart this is what you are: a child. But you yearn to be this again, to be held, to be enveloped and to be yourself for a few blissful hours.
\f2\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 You do not know how to be normal about this kind of thing. 
\f1\i \strokec2 You are fundamentally incorrect.
\f2\i0\fs24 \strokec2 \

\f0\fs32 It\'92s a good thing you\'92ve got some redeeming qualities (namely: a shelf full of skin-colored cosmetics). You\'92d hate to worry people. You don\'92t know how to cry for help. You\'92ve said you\'92d be honest if you ever needed anything and you\'92re a goddamn liar. You need too many damn things to ask for any of them.
\f2\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 So yes\'97 love is like water, or thicker like blood. There is something that will love you no matter what terrible things you find in your heart; it\'92ll love you even if you find that you have no heart and no head.
\f2\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 I think it\'92s time you switch off your ugly head. Stop pretending to be a person. Or turn the dial to its limit. Stop trying to be the thing you are. Masks sit better on mannequin-faces. And you\'92re oh-so good at sitting still and quiet, it\'92s what you\'92ve always wanted, right? Then let your skin be water; is that sufficient for your love?
\f2\fs24 \
}