{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 I think I do not like you in that manner, for liking you would be the same as liking myself. Instead you are my mirror twin halfway across the country; the textures your fingertips brush against are different, the snow beneath your boots, different, the pitch and tone and feel of everything around you, different, and yet utterly similar.
\f1\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\i\fs32 \cf0 \strokec2 We have found our way into the same sort of thing,
\f0\i0 \strokec2  maybe. But also 
\f2\i \strokec2 this is not knowing in the way I wanted
\f0\i0 \strokec2 , can I ever be known by a thing so much like myself? I am better off with you in my life from a point of self-reflection. I do not know that you could make me change, though. Perhaps that's the troubling bit, the missing piece I would have needed.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 Familiarity is not knowing, but I am glad for familiarity. I am glad for variance. I treasure you and I treasure what you are to me, in the sort of way where I won't really say anything at all because it is a given. A nod of acknowledgement is enough\'97 
\f2\i \strokec2 you understand how I am about these things.
\f1\i0\fs24 \strokec2 \
}