{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPS-BoldMT;
\f3\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Really, it is the fact that I know I cannot keep secrets from you; if I write it then you will one day see it. And I do not know if I can do this. Yet despite the flood of memories I still am overwhelmed by every fear magnified tenfold; I cannot walk in a crowd without seeing faces, cannot do anything without imagining\'97
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 I think I must give you a new term; all else that I have known is insufficient for you. For you; I\'92ll say it now, with all I can, for you
\f2\b \strokec2 ,
\f0\b0 \strokec2  and I\'92m really quite sorry. I can stop. If you ask. You should ask. It\'92s better not to be the object of my intensities.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 But if you\'92ll keep reading, then, here is what you mean to me.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f3\i\fs32 \cf0 \strokec2 Emotional fixation
\f0\i0 \strokec2  is the best term I can come up with and even this feels insufficient. How can I capture everything. And I am selfish about this: maybe I fixate on you because it feels like I can only be myself when I am around you; I have never felt so much like myself but I cannot keep asking you to do this for me, to resurrect the thing I once was and perhaps still am at cost of your time.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 And yet I find myself fixated in a storm of thoughts\'97 something like 
\f3\i \strokec2 I wish you would tell me how you want me to be
\f0\i0 \strokec2  but also 
\f3\i \strokec2 I cannot demand such a thing of you
\f0\i0 \strokec2  and 
\f3\i \strokec2 perhaps you would not like me very much if I wore even my most careful mask
\f0\i0 \strokec2 . So I will not ask this thing of you but I still want you to know that what I really mean by this is 
\f3\i \strokec2 I would entrust you with my entirety if you wanted it
\f0\i0 \strokec2 , but 
\f3\i \strokec2 who on earth would want such a thing?
\f1\i0\fs24 \strokec2 \

\f0\fs32 Consequently I have rethought love entirely, and I have found that at my core I find love repulsive in so many ways and entirely unlike what I had expected in others. What I really want to say is something like 
\f3\i \strokec2 you are my friend
\f0\i0 \strokec2  and 
\f3\i \strokec2 I trust you
\f0\i0 \strokec2  and 
\f3\i \strokec2 I think I love you in a way I did not think I was capable of.
\f1\i0\fs24 \strokec2 \

\f0\fs32 So yes\'97 you\'92ve seen this line before, but perhaps I was just cleverer then. I think I am a fool in the wrong kind of love and I do not know what to do about this and maybe I should do nothing because I still do not know what I want. But I do not like hiding things from you and even if all of this is simply a difference of magnitude and not kind, I still want you to know this.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 But instead I should really throw every record of this letter into the river and my heart with it. I cannot bear to feel things anymore. And perhaps I finally understand why I had tried to do so, tried so hard to lock away every feeling and emotion when I was younger. I worry that I was right.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 Can I give you my heart and ask you to throw it away for me?}