{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 But worst of all you have come to know, that in my heart of hearts I am incomprehensible. That some years ago I took some underlying feeling and ran with it, without ever bothering to question its principle, and it is on this flawed foundation that I have built everything wrong. So now you understand what kind of thing I am, and perhaps you have concluded from this that you cannot understand me, because I obey neither rhyme nor reason. And for this I am truly sorry.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 I think I have deteriorated. I think this is why my friendships never last as long as I want them to, or inevitably shallow and fade. There is inevitably a point of me where I have nothing interesting to say or do, or that I cannot be understood properly. Then there comes the point where sending a simple \'91how are you\'92 becomes a terrifying heart-racing thing. And then ends are left loose and then untied altogether and eventually I\'97
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 I stop trying. And then it becomes apparent that my company was never wanted in the first place and I should have known this thing but I never seem to learn my damn lesson from these things. And when I stop asking, answers stop coming, and that\'92s. That\'92s it. Nothing more is ever said.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 Maybe this is how all the best things of mine are meant to end. I overstay my welcome\'97 then I wonder if I ever was welcome or if I always demanded entrance without care \'97and finally, finally take my leave. It feels like every friendship has a ticking clock. From the moment I open my heart I know that I am accelerating things towards this ending; if I had stayed quiet perhaps things might settle into equilibrium but I cannot seem to do this simple thing.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 And so this is how all good things end.
\f1\fs24 \
}