{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 I do not think I am exactly \'91anti-induction\'92. I do not reject all the conclusions it brings. But I think that I have a clear emotional preference for non-induction; this of course excludes mathematical induction. What this really means is that I find myself on uneasy ground when I cannot prove an absolute truth, and I do not do well with this kind of uncertainty.
\f1\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs32 So this does not necessarily apply to external things, but it does apply to how I think of things in relation to myself. In some sense \'91deciphering myself\'92 is a terrible task. I feel assured building things from first principles\'97 thanks, Raj. But knowing myself is like a reverse version of this; I observe the interactions I make and slowly trace it back to the fundamental ideas in my head. This would be a terrible endeavour if not for the fact that I can \'91verify\'92 correctness; I do think I can tell when I have correctly explained something about myself in its entirety. So I am stuck assembling myself in reverse; I am hunting for my base case, and only then can I begin to conclude.
\f1\fs24 \
}