{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 I think there is little point in me asking these questions. Whether or not you remember doesn\'92t matter, what matters is that it doesn\'92t mean anything to you. Why should it. Why should I mean anything to you when we haven\'92t spoken in some time and you\'92ve made no indication of wanting to change that.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 \strokec2 I sound judgemental. I don\'92t mean to be. It\'92s\'85 okay. I don\'92t have to mean anything to you at all.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 You don\'92t have to mean anything to me, either. That\'92s the first idea that comes to mind\'97 there\'92s so much I never got to tell you, so when I say 
\f2\i \strokec2 win-loss
\f0\i0 \strokec2  I know it doesn\'92t mean anything to you. Perhaps I should come up with another phrase; I keep repeating the same one.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 \strokec2 But then again, my thoughts of you have been repetitive for some time, the same echo of 
\f2\i \strokec2 wanting 
\f0\i0 \strokec2 and 
\f2\i \strokec2 regretting
\f0\i0 \strokec2  then bottling you away as perhaps my greatest mistake. I don\'92t know how well you exist to me anymore outside of that echo.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs32 Only now am I realizing that maybe you were never even what I wanted. That maybe I had just invented some closeness we never had, to replace the abstract 
\f2\i \strokec2 wanting, 
\f0\i0 \strokec2 to be able to say that I had what I wanted rather than entertain the idea that I had never known such a thing at all.
\f1\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs32 And yet I can\'92t fully accept this. For better-worse you are inextricably linked to every concept of love I have had and will ever have. I look for your mirror image and find none. Half my memories are sweetened with the idea of you\'97 lemon tarts and afternoons spent in the practice rooms, yes, but also in the first whispers of song and in the pages of my old books. Everything\'92s been romanticized with your memory, to the point where I mistook memory for love and thought I would find happiness in a replica.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 \strokec2 I\'92d let slip some piece of me, and every time I did, I think you got a little more distant. You are what I fear, all cloaked under terribly sweet words that perhaps had little substance to them at all.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 At my worst I truly am upset. Part of me begs to ask how could you do this to me. But the rest of me has decided it is okay. You did not have to be friends with me. You did not have to stay. But you do not have to dictate how I am forever, either. I think I never knew you well enough to mean anything to you.
\f1\fs24 \
}