{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 I have a set of rules and standards to which I hold myself to and judge myself by. I like to understand the world in terms of rules. I do not handle change well and yet I care deeply about being a person who is capable of change. I happen to have a terribly dry sense of humor. I fixate on people. I obsess privately over the things which fascinate me. I adore my friends deeply. I am not particularly expressive. I do not understand many things. I would like to understand everything even though I think this is impossible. I wish to be known\'97 but perhaps I no longer think I need it.
\f1\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs32 I believe in straightforwardness and openness; I have an idea of the person I wish to be. I do not always succeed in acting in accordance with my own rules, but I know my rules and believe them. I enjoy being alone sometimes. I take pleasure in the flourishes in life. I am distinctly my own thing; I will change according to my own wants.
\f1\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs32 Softer and more gentle is the persistent reminder that I think I am capable of great depths of care and adoration. It\'92s as simple as\'97 if I come to care for you, I\'92ll always be there. You could say something like I do not fall out of love; love here being platonic and not romantic. The closest thing to this is more like I lack object permanence; if I do not see or interact with someone often enough I can forget they exist.
\f1\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs32 I think I have come to realize that there is really only one way to hurt me, and that is loneliness. Or rather, all the painful things are just some flavor of being lonely. Everything comes back to this: the one thing that hurts that I cannot fix on my own. It is, I think by nature, rather reliant on other people. I dislike things I cannot handle myself.
\f1\fs24 \
}