{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 I despise you for the manner in which you have taken root in my brain like some parasite and cling to every neuron and fold; I resent you for having been good to me. You may be the worst mistake I\'92ve ever made. I think I wish I had never met you. But I have met you; at points perhaps I had even known you. And so it is of no use to resent what cannot be changed. You exist in my life, arguably for the worse, and I lack the courage to remove you from it.
\f1\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs32 It appears that I am exhibiting the symptoms of love. Clarity is my standard solution \'97 and writing is already a dangerous act because I have found that in some way every word I write finds its way into your hands. But no matter, and if you\'92re reading this\'97 well, initially I wanted to say something along the lines of 
\f2\i \strokec2 fuck you
\f0\i0 \strokec2 , but I\'92ve decided not to.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 \strokec2 That should be sufficient to deal with the frustration. But really I should clarify that it\'92s not you I\'92m frustrated with, but myself, or perhaps the idea of you which has persisted inside my head. I resent what you have become to me, through no fault of your own and entirely through my own. I\'92m\'85 sorry.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 Now on to the next emotion\'97 or perhaps category is a better word. Speaking of better words: fixation. That is what you are, the next victim of my attentions and affections and fixations; I imagine it is not a pleasant thing to be. And yet I counteract my thoughts of you with thoughts of prior fixations so this must be what you are. You occupy too much of my focus; even my lungs and chest tense at your every action, you have brought back symptoms I did not know I could feel anymore.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 \strokec2 And I\'92m playing a losing hand, I\'92m not so silly that I can\'92t tell how one-sided this is. Damn it all, I think I might love you and I really don\'92t want to. I\'92ve got no fancy words or beautiful prose for you now. There is nothing good about this.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 \strokec2 From you perhaps I have learned my definition of love; or rather I have learned that love and fixation were always the same. That love requires something like fascination and care. I think I may never be happy in this regard, but no matter.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 This is a letter I hope I never send you, in part because it is poor prose on my part, and in part because I will regret it. Instead I will spin a lie for you, and trust that you are clever enough to unravel it.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 \strokec2 I wonder if you also regret coming to know me in the first place. 
\f2\i \strokec2 I hope you do.}