{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Italic;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\i\fs26 \cf0 Love Letters for Sale 
\f1\i0 is the product of an attempt to intertwine one of my old computer science projects with some of my current writing projects. I created a Markov-chain based text generator, which effectively takes in an input file and computes the probabilities of what might follow a given character in that file, at which point it can generate text based on those probabilities. I compiled several of my journal entries into a text file and fed this into the program. This led to the Letters on display\'97 distorted versions of my original words that still maintain some semblance of the tone and personality with which I write. The Gallery features excerpts of some of the undistorted original letters. \
\
The images are taken from my own life\'97 treasured memories and interactions with people, who either feature in the pictures themselves, or stand behind the camera. 
\f0\i This is the meaning which I arrange the letters into
\f1\i0 , is what I mean to say. It\'92s a suggestion. Your life and arrangement of meaning need not mirror my own.\
\
Through this process, I aimed to explore the intersection of the deeply personal and the impersonal nature of online transactional interactions. Do the letters lose their meaning when they are \'91for sale\'92? Are they no longer pieces of intimacy, or do they retain the echoes of their meaning even in a disarrayed form? Can I articulate myself to a complete stranger?\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 If the meaning of the letters are preserved, even when the reader is not the intended recipient, then does that reduce my memories to generics? What distinguishes the memories I have held with particular people from memories I might form with anyone else?\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Many of my journal entries are addressed to some unnamed \'91you\'92; sometimes, a specific person I had in mind, or sometimes, the abstract reader. But I wonder, do my words carry the same meaning to someone I didn\'92t intend them for, placed into the position of the \'91you\'92? \
\
Dearest reader\'97\'a0this letter is truly for you. Do not allow me to tell you the meaning of meaning; I ask and hope that you shall find it for yourself.\
\
My sincerest thanks to the following individuals for their contributions to this project: Professor Sarah Martin, for guidance throughout the quarter. My classmates in MADD 26210 for their critiques and feedback on this project. Additionally, I\'92d like to thank Victoria Choi, Jina Jeon, Morgan Kim, and Carina Villalona for appearing in or contributing images for the gallery.\
\
\
\
\
}